hello today we will prepare gods
grandmother's noodles with flambé ci
we prepare on the lips between good and a
cooking room tool in room that
user m the hotel directly from boasts
diner when we can turn on the
lamp that allows us to start
heat the pan for the tagliolini
of the grandmother we have 100 g
of green beans 20 grams of butter 10
feel on two extra virgin olive oil
leaflets of sage around the egg and
some beef and truffle broth
liking and your wallet salt
pepper as required
the proceeding
let's cook the pasta
previously heating with water
hot
this case we are preparing it in
kitchen that we go faster with the times
in the hot pan we have already cut
extra virgin olive oil is a bit of butter
that we are going to make brown we join the
leaf of sage that goes to perfume
all
let's salt the egg yolk and
pepper the egg yolk that we will have the
right balance of the dish that everything
Gradually salted for a moment
pasta is cooked
we complete only two dishes well there
they cooked the tagliolini and al
tooth and let's lay in the bottom
the sage and the oil are cooking the wall e
we lay on the lamp for some
minute
add a bit of meat stock and the
new farmstead porn
all right
we supply this egg noodles only
which arrives enriching itself with steam
of egg noodles with blind and we give
lay the squares here we go with the
our lost fed up with dawn
the dish is ready seen at cold
these days a good barbera well
together enjoy your meal